hello friends what we have the
today is a device for
sequential intermittent which
friends we could do in a very
simple and in this device we can
be installing in our vehicle to
which we can be connecting our
skulls our rooms or in this
case we can add in headlights like
the ones that I have here
yes friends what we need is
a 5 terminal relay
a little with its use that in this case is
of a room or a skull
we need a starry we would need
cable and we would need female terminals
to be able to connect them what is the
designer and what would be the relay
Well, good friends, what we are going to do is
disconnect it to see operation
how can you see me here I have two
units but you can connect it
to the number of units that you
want can be two can be four
or it can be the number that contains your
vehicle
they become friends that would be all for the day
today thank you very much and see you next time